# Project 0 -- My Git CheatSheet

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript -- My Git CheatSheet

This project contains references to git commands and some snippets on how to use git.

##HTML files
### index.html

The **index.html** is the splash page for the website. It features links to the different git command pages which are categorized for each of their usage.

The footer section on the other hand provides links to **checklist.html** and my github account page (through the github logo)

### Git commands pages *.html
Each of the git command pages are structured in a way where all of the pages will have the same look and feel so that it won't be confusing to use.

Git commands pages are grouped into 6 categories.

- Create
- Update
- Branch
- Show
- Revert
- Publish

The structure of the git commands page consists of 4 parts.

- *Header* - contains the git logo and page title.
- *Navigation bar* - used for navigating through the different git commands and the index page.
- *Footer* - a uniform footer across all pages.
- *Command cards* - git commands which are presented using Bootstrap 4's card components. It also provides a link to the git commands published in the official git documentation website.

I used a free git cheatsheet PNG file I downloaded from the internet (which I am now currently using as my wallpaper) provided and managed by HCL Technologies Ltd as my reference for the page.

###checklist.html
This page contains my checklist for the requirements for project 0. 

To be honest, I was trying to incorporate tables in my *Git commands pages* but it felt wrong somehow. That's why I created this checklist page instead so that I can use HTML tables more beautifully and for my peace of mind.

##Stylesheets

All of the html files are using a <link/> to a single *style.css* file which is being generated by parsing the central style.scss file via sass.

I read up the BEM naming convention and tried to incorporate it in the project to manage my class names better.

- **style.scss** - only contains imports to the other .scss files located in *./pageStyles/* directory.

- **base.scss** - contains generic css/sass selectors which are used across all the different HTML pages.

- **commands.scss** - stylesheet used for the *git commands pages*

- **checklist.scss** - stylesheet specific for **checklist.html**

- **index.scss** - stylesheet specific for **index.html**


